A BUNCH of docs for 1.19 (#712)
MicrosoftDocs/terminal: TerminalDocs/customize-settings/themes.md

> [!NOTE]
> Mica is only available on Windows builds >= 22621.

### Window border

This sets the color of the window border, when the window is active. When set to `null`, the border will use whatever the default color is for the OS theme.

**Property name:** `frame`

**Necessity:** Optional

**Accepts:** a [theme color](#theme-colors)

**Default value:** `null`

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: Note somehwere that this is windows 11....

> > Window border colors are only available on Windows builds >= 22000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Window border colors are only available on Windows 11.
```
